all right so this is a conversation of
wanting to have with you guys about
flagship killers in 2020 so the company
were most familiar with in terms of
flagship killers is probably one plus
they were a company that came with one
plus one fantastic phone and when they
came with the oneplus 2 they marketed
that phone specifically as the 2016
flagship killer and the whole idea is
that you take a phone and you fill it up
with great hardware and you price it at
this inexpensive price point that
competes with premium smartphone brands
and that's what they did they did a
really good job at disrupting the
smartphone market with their inexpensive
phones and I wasn't just one plus right
you have companies like Xiaomi
and Oppo and vivo and even companies
that didn't classify themselves as
flagship killers they did the same kind
of thing disrupting the market with
inexpensive priced phones and I'm not
talking about cheap budget phones right
I'm specifically talking about phones
that were designed to compete with
flagship products from premium brands if
you look at these flagship killer
companies a lot of them have changed how
they're even pushing out phones if
they're no longer making $400 flagship
killers they're pushing out six seven
$800 phones that are flagships
themselves like if you look at one plus
their rumored one plus eight is a
full-blown flagship phone it's supposed
to have wireless charging
IP rated water resistance and it's
rumored to have an eight hundred dollar
price tag which has a far cry from the
350 $400 flagship killers that they used
to put out and even companies like
Xiaomi like their redmi note 10 notes
ten Pro those are so much more expensive
than they have been in the past it
really feels like the whole notion of
flagship killer phones are no longer
part of the equation and I think the
reason is well there's two things number
one and this applies to basically any
kind of flagship killing company like
oneplus their end goal was always to be
in that premium segment right the
strategy was like you you make these
cheap phones that don't make a lot of
money but you build a brand you build a
fan base and when you have a large
enough audience then you make the
premium stuff because that's where the
money is and that's what oneplus is
doing and it's great it's working out
for them but the other reason and this
is the big reason I think the entire
smartphone market has matured to the
point where companies struggle to
deliver features that customers actually
want like
scene features like 12 gigs of RAM on
phones we're seeing 108 megapixel
cameras we're seeing 30 axioms 50x zooms
100x zooms and it's not that this stuff
is not cool right it's neat but when you
pump out phones this frequently with
this little innovation in between them
you inevitably get phones that become
obsolete really quickly and what happens
is that phones drop in price super fast
like this is a barely 1 year old phone
the Samsung Galaxy S 10 plus and this is
now half price
it's barely 12 months old and you get
the SN phone starting at $450 on Amazon
right now the price is incredible and
this is a great phone it's got
Snapdragon 855 and OLED screen with a
hole-punch camera it's got 8 gigs of RAM
a headphone jack like there's so much
good stuff going on in this thing and
it's $450 the pixel 3 that thing is 250
and I think these phones these previous
years of phones are the new flagship
killers like these are the phones that
are almost cannibalizing the sales of
the current stuff because these are so
good and so cheap and most importantly
they're so close in feature set to the
newest stuff like let's say you're in
the market right now for a new phone and
you're looking at the galaxy s 20 from
Samsung and I'm not trying to single out
Samsung here this applies to basically
every Android premium flagship phone in
the market right now but you have to
really value the few features that
distinguish this phone from the s20 like
you really have to love the whole idea
of a 120 Hertz screen you have to really
dig that 30x camera zoom to spend the
extra 4 or $500 on the s20 over the s10
and this whole thing also applies to
companies right now that are trying to
be flagship killers like if you look at
real me if they have a phone the x2 Pro
it's a great phone but that thing is
also $450 and if your prospective buyer
would you rather spend your money on
that or some like the s10 that has a
proven camera system proven software and
I'm assuming a way better international
warranty it's difficult for the
traditional flagship killing model to
succeed right now like there's no I
actually feel like if oneplus came out
today and they were trying to do what
they did five six years ago I don't
think it would work because these phones
these one-year old phones have shaped
the market in
way that it makes it really difficult
for the flagship killer to be exactly
that these are the new flagship killers
I really feel like the one-year old
phones they've gotten so cheap and so
fast like they've gotten so cheap so
quickly that they've now become the
things that actually hurt the company
when they're trying to sell their new
stuff okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video a thumbs it subs we'd love to see
you guys next time
[Music]